# dabant - Thesis Project
On September 28th, 2018 there was an earthquake disaster followed by a tsunami and liquefaction in Sigi, Donggala, Parigi Moutong, and Palu City, Central Sulawesi. The disaster created massive damages to housing and infrastructures. Head of Enhancement of The Disaster Management Capacity of the National Agency for Disaster Management (BNPB) proposed a budget to fund rehabilitation and reconstruction. However, the budget allocation process has several problems. BPBD must re-collect data and match the results of the assessment because the same information was often obtained using manual methods that became another burden to address by the team using Ms. Excel Application. Team assistants also felt quite a difficulty if they had to look for the files of prospective recipients of aid funds that had been collected one by one. Seeing this problem, a data management system for post-disaster aid recipients was needed to simplify the process of data collection and data entry of potential beneficiaries as well as verification and validation. This research used the prototype method. The data was collected through an interview process with the BPBD. The requirements analysis resulted in 54 functional requirements as well as 1 non-functional requirement which was implemented using the PHP programming language and the CodeIgniter framework. Implementation results were tested using white-box, black-box testing, user acceptance testing, and compatibility testing. From these tests, the results were 100% valid in all test cases. While in user acceptance testing, the results were 95% valid in 37 test cases. Incompatibility testing, the system ran successfully on 6 different browsers.
